[docs] Add `ADD/DROP PRIMARY KEY` warning that explains table rewrite that happens underneath (#20565)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/ddl_alter_table.md

Add the specified constraint to the table.

{{< warning >}}

> Adding a `PRIMARY KEY` constraint will result in a full table rewrite and full-rewrite of all indexes associated with the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a `PRIMARY KEY` constraint results in a full table rewrite and full rewrite of all indexes associated with the table.
```

> This happens because of the clustered storage by primary-key that YugabyteDB uses to store rows and indexes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens because of the clustered storage by primary key that YugabyteDB uses to store rows and indexes. 
```

Tables without a `PRIMARY KEY` have a hidden one underneath and rows are stored clustered on it. The secondary indexes of the table
link to this hidden `PRIMARY KEY`.

> During this time, you may lose modification made to the table. 

Reviewer: 'this time' - what time is that? While the tables and indexes are being rewritten?

While the tables and indexes are being rewritten, you may lose any modifications made to the table.

Author: Yes "While the tables and indexes are being rewritten, you may lose any modifications made to the table.".

- `RESTRICT` — Remove only the specified constraint.
- `CASCADE` — Remove the specified constraint and any dependent objects.

{{< warning >}}

> Dropping the `PRIMARY KEY` constraint will result in a full table rewrite and full-rewrite of all indexes associated with the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dropping the `PRIMARY KEY` constraint results in a full table rewrite and full rewrite of all indexes associated with the table.
```

> This happens because of the clustered storage by primary-key that YugabyteDB uses to store rows and indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens because of the clustered storage by primary key that YugabyteDB uses to store rows and indexes.
```

> During this time, you may lose modification made to the table. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the tables and indexes are being rewritten, you may lose any modifications made to the table. 
```
